## Introduction
This is a brief readme for getting started with performing FOLDX binding calculations. These calculations work by mutating an amino acid in the interface between a protein and something else (either another protein or a molecule such as DNA or ATP) and measuring how much the energy changes. The change in energy (called delta delta G - or DDG) tells us how much the mutation influences binding. A positive DDG means the mutations makes the energy of binding higher (so the interaction is less likely or "harder"), a negative DDG means the interaction is more favorable.

## Workflow 
A rough workflow of how we calculate energies for interaction is as follows:

- We "repair" the structure - adding in missing atoms, adjusting residue side chains to make them optimal. We repeat this a number of times to ensure the molecule is as energetically favorable as possible.

- We calculate which residues in the molecule to be mutated are "nearby" to the interface. This distance can be changed, but we initially used a distance of 10 angstoms.

- For each residue near the interface, we make a new folder, and in that folder we:
    - calculate the energy of the wildtype protein
    - mutate the residue to one of the other 19 animo acids
    - calculate the energy of the mutant protein
    - mutate the residue back to WT
    
We do this for every possible amino acid, for every residue in our defined "interface"

- Finally, we summarise all the results into a single file.

This whole workflow is summarised with 3 scripts:

* repair_multi.py    <- this runs the repair 
* binding_ddg.py    <- this calculates the interface, makes the folders, and generates the energies
* summary_binding_ddg.py   <- this summarises the results of the calculations into a single file and should be run in the directory containing all the folders generated by binding_ddg.py

See each script for specific useage.
